DESCRIPTION American States Perspective
----------------------------------------------------------------
The revolution began when the South issued another Declaration of Independence on October 24, 1929. California declared independence the next day.

Michigan did not declare Independence until ordered to do so by President Hoover, just hours before the U.S. Government began evacuations to London.

Michigan has continuously pushed hard for peace among all of the states and has slowly, somehow, managed to achieve the fragile, so-called peace enjoyed today.

Three months ago, peace was destabilized by the abrupt end of the Alliance between the Republic of Texas and The Independent State of Alabama after a controversial figure took power in Texas in what many are calling a rigged election.

Within hours of this, US-flagged troops were spotted near LA. Within a few hours, more US-flagged troops were spotted near every other major US city. The troops created makeshift camps outside the cities. Most of the world was shocked. England was not. The Soviets were; they even declared a state of emergency and accused England of meddling.

Today, the last hopes of that peace ended when the USA conducted what they are calling a policing action in New England.

Aside from a number of isolated skirmishes and one heavy gun battle at a governor's residence, the troops were greeted by cheering crowds that welcomed the USA as liberators.

Within hours, Truman addressed the nation, saying that US territory in the south, southwest, and west is being illegally occupied by domestic terrorists.


DESCRIPTION USA perspective
----------------------------------------------------------------
After fleeing the mainland and pulling out of Hawaii and Alaska on October 24, 1929, we were reluctantly taken in by our countries mother, England.

The Queen granted us a special zone in London, sorta, it's way away from the city center. The Queen said that our mission would benefit the entire planet and thus is in the interests of England and her colonies to support fully.

England and France believe what is occurring in our homeland is the single greatest threat the planet has ever faced. They are extremely concerned about Texas and California. Even Germany issued a statement of concern about California and the Communist conspiracies.

The joint chiefs firmly believe that it is imperative that we not allow any of the factions to gain a dominant position unless it is at our side, and we need to deal with this before it becomes too large for us to deal with. Time is not on our side here.

France reports that Michigan has been building secret armies in the woods. They might not be the benevolent democracy they claim to be but we are unsure.

Our scouts report that all of the stats have started the process of preparing for all-out war. We are out of time. It's now or never.

It was decided that England would secure a foothold for us but that publicly it would be us and not them.

So English troops in US uniforms secured New England and encountered no real resistance. So the capital was moved back to Washington DC and England is stepping back because A war is not politically possible for England at this juncture. It's on us now.